---
title: test 2
date: 2016-05-27 16:11 UTC
tags:
---

#Text is essential

### Printed collateral to support the shopping experience uses die stamping and blind debossing.

Weiden+Kennedy 12’s ex Art-Director, Brad Holdgrafer, launched carefully curated online homewares store Formerly Yes, with his wife Jenna, in 2014.

Six created a brand identity and online store for Formerly Yes that was intentionally minimal and unobtrusive, allowing the thoughtfully designed products to take centre stage. Shortly after launch, the website was recognised as being one of the top five online stores at the 2015 Webby Awards.

Following the success of their online offering, the couple opened their first physical shop in downtown LA last year.

Based in Mayfair, Michael Elliott is one of London’s most-respected and top-performing commercial property consultancies. With a 30-year track record of more than £50 billion worth of property transactions in the UK, Michael Elliott's clients include major international investors such as Schroders, Columbia Threadneedle, TIAA Henderson and Hermes.

Known for its innovative and creative thinking, Michael Elliot wanted a brand and collateral echoing those traits, positioning the company as a market expert. Evolving the existing Michael Elliot logotype, the new visual identity includes printed material and a redesigned website, where the use of a graphic secondary typeface, large expanses of colour and a suite of commissioned images combine to create a bold, professional and creative tone.

Christian Fischbacher, one of Switzerland's oldest textile brands, produces some of the world’s most-luxurious fabrics, carpets and accessories for the home.

The company approached Six to produce a suite of branding materials for its new sub-brand, CF by Christian Fischbacher. A contemporary identity was required for the CF line to attract a younger, yet still discerning, audience and reflect the deviation from Christian Fischbacher’s traditional range. Six also produced print and packaging designs, illustrations, and swing tickets and tags.

The CF line debuted in 2014 and was an instant success. Since then, the range has grown in size and stockists across the DACH market have increased, adding a fresh revenue stream to the 200-year-old brand.

Following the success of the CF launch, Six also undertook a comprehensive redesign of the main Christian Fischbacher website.
